Optional Tier indicator in side navigation (#2957)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/shy-tips-roll.md

---
"@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": minor
---

> Added an optional paid plans badge for secondary navigation links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a `tier` prop to the SideNavigation component's secondary links to show an optional paid tier indicator.
```
